Zed Bot Installation Notes
----------------------------

--------
Z-Login
--------

z-login.cts replaces the default 1_login.ts in the TWX setup.
PLEASE ensure you fill out all settings in the TWX Setup:
Login Script, Login Name, Password, Game Letter.  

When you first attempt to login with Z-Login it will see that there is no z-globals.cfg file in the TWX root and take you to a menu where you can create one. The information you provide here will be used to log you in automatically to new games.
Fill in the information as necessary. (You can omit Alias if you dont use one)

This menu only comes up once but you can edit these settings at any time in z-globals.cfg using notepad.

Example z-globals.cfg

ALIAS:myName
SHIPNAME:My Ship
PLANETNAME:My Planet
CORPNAME:My Corp
CORPPW:secret
SSCHANNEL:12345
AUTOLOAD:_ck_equip_haggle_tracker.cts
AUTOLOAD:Z-FigMon
AUTOLOAD:Z-Bot

Note there is no space between the colon (:) and the entry.

When you have finished entering the information in the menu you can press G to GO.
The info will be saved to z-globals.cfg and you will be disconnected.
Reconnect and you will be logged in automatically and scripts loaded.
If its a new game your ship will be named, your planet if any will be named, your corp will be made (or joined if it is already made), your ship and planet will be made owned by the corp, your cn settings will be set, your subspace channel will be set, your scripts loaded, and you will be ready to go at the prompt.

If you want to start a new game with different settings in the z-globals.cfg, just make a copy of the existing z-globals.cfg and rename it to GAMENAME_z-globals.cfg (where GAMENAME is the twx database name for this game). You can edit this file and change the settings, and it will only be used for the specific game it is named after. The z-globals.cfg file is used for all other games (games without a GAMENAME_z-globals.cfg named after them).

Note: The AUTOLOAD: entries are created automatically when the z-globals.cfg file is first created. These entries allow you to determine which scripts run automatically at login time. You can edit them as you see fit.

------
Z-Bot
------

When you first run Z-Bot it will see that there is no Z-Options.cfg file in the TWX Root. It will ask you for your bot name and create one. There are a number of options you can set in the Z-Options.cfg file but for now the defaults will do. You can edit this file at anytime, if the bot is running, issue a RESET command and it will see the new changes.

The default SELF BOT COMMAND key is the greater than key. (>)

Press the (>) key and type in  HELP       for initial info on getting help.
Press the (>) key and type in  HELP LIST  for a list of internal bot commands.
Press the (>) key and type in  HELP XLIST for a list of extra bot commands. (You can add bottable scripts to this list in the Z-Options.cfg file)
Double tap the comma key (,) for a menu of standalone scripts (you can add scripts to this menu).

