Dnyarri's Public Unlim Gridder v2.0

Updated November 22nd, 2010

By: Singularity aka Dnyarri 
ICQ: 11153178 
http://www.navhaz.com


Prologue...

Why grid? Simple. The team that controls the grid controls the
universe.

The "trick" to gridding in an unlim game is not giving the
opposition a clue about your next hit. If you mow in a line, you
can get hit. If you do surrounds, you can get hit. If you follow
just about any pattern, you can get hit. It's only a matter of time
until a smart opponent figures out your pattern and breaks it.

Likewise you have to watch out for limpets and armids in the jump
sector. If you don't they can drop adjacent to you on a timer
(to avoid your holoscan or density scan check) and you'll run into
their planet. That's the way to a quick #SD#.

Long story short, there are a lot of ways to get killed gridding
in an unlim. But random single hops where you never move past an
unlimped or unmined sector will help keep you safe. It's not 100%
effective, as anyone that's patient and dedicated enough can still
get you, but just a few basic techniques will give you a serious
shot at keeping a strong grid in an unlim.

That's what this script does. It's based on my private version. I've
had a private unlim gridder for years, and it's been a staple in my
play. But unlim play today is such that if you can't get past this
one simple problem, then you can't win most unlim games. MOMbot
has an unlim gridder now that works okay, but it isn't very safe
and gets you killed pretty quickly against moderate players. This
gives people with better gridders a large advantage, and thus I've
written this script. Let's bring unlim play up a notch.

This script uses a base planet for fuel, figs, and cash. It should 
be located in a secured sector, a place that nobody can take. Make 
sure you have ore on the planet, probably should have multiple 
planets, probably shouldn't be in your doorway, probably should have
lots and lots of figs. Script will land on the planet, if the planet
disappears or goes to pick someone up the script will patiently wait
for the planet to return before resuming. Script must start from the
citadel prompt, that planet will be your base planet.

I recommend that you have someone's personal limpets down in
your base sector so that nobody can use a limpet-based tracking
pdropper. But whether you do that is up to you. Version 2.0 now
works with MOMbot's module structure, making it easier to run.


........


The script now works with mombot's module structure. Just drop it
into either modes\grid or commands\grid and fire it up. The help
file is built into the script, so just call "dugrid help" if you 
need help with the options.

Bot options:
   figavoid:xxxx         = Avoid a sector with this many figs
   dockjp:xxxx           = JP for red restock 
   mines:xx              = Specify mines to drop per sector
   limps:xx              = Specify limps to drop per sector 
   figs:xx               = Specify figs to drop per sector 
   scanhit:[disp|holo]   = Scan the hitsec as specified 
   nodrophit             = Don't drop stuff in hitsec 
   nocim                 = Don't CIM 
   limpmode              = Limpet-drop mode 
   retreats              = Retreat after hitting 
   norestock             = Don't restock stuff from dock 
   fastland              = Fast-land on saveme planet 
   fasthits              = Lays no figs or limps in hitsec

Figavoid lets you avoid a certain number of figs. Good for avoiding
bases and traps.

Dockjp lets you set a jumppoint for restocking at dock if you're red.

Mines lets you set how many armids to drop on each mine drop.

Limps lets you set how many limps to drop on each limp drop.

Figs lets you set how many figs to drop on each fig drop.

Scanhit lets you scan from the hit sector, or not.

Nodrophit tells the script not to drop mines or limpets in the hit
sector. It will still drop figs unless you tell it not to.

Nocim tells you not to run a CIM if you run out of sectors to hit. If
you have a full map then you don't need to run a CIM. If you don't
have a full map, then let it CIM so it builds a map for you.

Limpmode means that the script only drops limps and mines in sectors
you already have figged. This helps you clean out lightly mined
enemy sectors while not hitting any new sectors.

Retreats tells the script to retreat after hitting a sector. This
is a pattern, and all patterns can be tracked and hit. However,
it also speeds up action in the hitsec too so it can be a good way
to reduce the odds of getting plocked.

Norestock tells the script to not restock. There's not much reason
to do this, but in some cases its helpful if dock is blown.

Fastland will assume the saveme planet is the base planet (the one
you're gridding from) and land faster than a traditional saveme. Good
for when you need a faster pickup.

Fasthits is a combination command that lays no figs or limps in the
hitsec. This is good for taking out enemy figs w/o getting plocked.


........


Menu settings: 

1. Drop Stuff in HitSec:   YES / NO

This tells the script to drop mines and limpets in the sector that
you hit. Usually it's a good idea, but sometimes in a game with low
CPC you need to keep your time in the sector short. Turning it off
will speed up your time in the hit sector.


2. Scanning From HitSec:   NONE / DISPLAY / HOLO

Use holo if you want to build a better map. Use display if you
just want your DB to keep track of what's in the sector. Use NONE
to speed things up.


3. Enable CIM on Refresh:  NO / YES

Script refreshes it's figs if it runs out of places to hit. If you
tell it to, it'll also refresh your CIM. This works great if you've
got a small map, but if you've got a map already or a big list of
explored sectors this'll take forever. Turn it off or on, up to you.


4. Enable Fast Save Mode:  YES / NO

Smartest way to grid is with a saveme. Without one you're going
to die. If your saveme is on your base planet you can "cheat"
a little and speed up saveme. Normally saveme can come from any
planet, normally you have to wait for this message to appear before
you can know which planet number to land on. Turn this on and it'll
assume your base planet is the saveme planet, which speeds up your
landing a lot...  meaning you'll take less hits on a saveme should
you get caught by an IG.


5. Restock Stuff at Dock:  YES / NO

Simple enough right? You're probably going to want to restock mines
and limpets at dock or you'll end up running out.


6. Enable Retreats Mode:   YES

Only works in standard gridding mode. Retreating with < is slightly
faster than a twarp. If you need to get out of the hit sector in
a hurry, use this.


7. Run in Limpet Mode:     NO / YES

If turned on the script will not hit new sectors, it'll simply hit
old sectors that don't have at least one of your limpets in the
database. This is a good way to explore the universe since it'll
holoscan as it goes, it's also a good way to scrub newly acquired
sectors without exposing yourself to most pdrops.


A. Dock Jump Point:        0

If you're not adj to dock or a blue, you'll need a sector adjacent
to dock for a jump point. I could write the script to automatically
find such a sector, but as soon as people figure out how that algo
works... they're going to setup a trap around it and you're going to
die. Instead of that you need to set it to a safe adjacent. If you
have reds gridding you should find a place adjacent to dock (like
the backdoor) that you can secure and use that as the jump point.


B. Figs to Avoid:          50000

This is the number of figs in a sector that will cause you to abort
gridding it. Set it to something you can't reasonably kill within
a single fig wave. You can also set it to 1 and avoid enemy figs
all-together. Why do that? Simple, coordination and speed. If you
need the fastest hits you'll need to do things in phases, have
a previous corpie hit the sector w/o laying any figs, then come
along and only fig sectors w/o an enemy fig. That way your time
spent in a dangerous sector is minimized. Granted this will slow
down the gridding process quite a bit over all, but it does reduce
the likelyhood of getting hit with a plock. Follow that up with
someone running in limpet mode and you'll scrub as you go while
reducing individual risk.


C. Figs to Lay:            100

Simple, how many figs do you want to lay? Set to 0 and you won't
lay any.


D. Armids to Lay:          10 E. Limpets to Lay:         5

How many of each do you want to lay? Set to 0 and you won't lay any,
but that's not advised since you need to lay mines in jump sectors
too sometimes.


F. Armid Price:            1000 G. Limpet Price:           10000

The price of each. Set it to something good, the script will
automatically fix it if it sees a different price at dock, so you
don't really have to be perfect there.


0. Refresh Data.

Refreshes figs and CIM if enabled.

.........


FAQ:

Q. Hey, I'm not hitting any new sectors, what gives?

A. In order to move on you need limpets and armids in the jump point,
otherwise there's no way to know if the jump point is safe. If you
aren't dropping limpets and armids in each sector you'll have to go
back thru at some point and lay some, otherwise you can never expand
your grid. That's why most gridders fail in an unlim environment,
they don't take in account jump point safety.


Q. Do I need to drop limpets and armids, or can I set to 0?

A. The script drops limpets in both the jump point and the hit
sector. If you set that to zero, it won't be able to drop anything
in the jump point. That means you will need to come back later,
and won't be able to use cleaned areas to expand your grid. If you
want to avoid dropping limpets and armids in the hit sec, simply
use that option. I highly recommend allowing it to drop atleast 1
armid and 1 limpet per sector. Still, it is up to you.


Q. What are the fastest settings?

A. The fasthits mode is the fastest. If you also add in retreats,
it will be fast enough to avoid plock. Of course that speed comes
with a downside, it means you have to go back to those sectors. A
good compromise is to use nodrophit so that it won't drop armids
and limpets in the hit sec, but will drop a fig. This way you can
later clean that sector and drop limpets and armids as you go.


.........


That's it folks. Script will go around and drop figs and mines and
limpets and avoid the most dangerous stuff. It's difficult to pdrop,
somewhat possible to plock, super fast and quick with the saveme
if you get in trouble. It should automatically restart if you get
torped, at least if it can, so the biggest problems are taken out
of the equation.

Some people will use this script "afk" ... I don't advise that. There
are still ways to get killed using this. But the risk is up to
you. I don't advise using it in a turns game either, but it will do
it's best to keep going as long as it can regardless. This script
isn't perfect, but it's been created around a core set of concepts
I've developed over the last several years. It's a quick and dirty
unlim gridder that will help you keep up in the grid war.

Good luck!

By: Singularity aka Dnyarri 
ICQ: 11153178 
http://www.navhaz.com


.........


Bot compatibility info:

I'm not a big fan of doing everything by bot, but sometimes stuff
gets stuck and you need to restart it. So here are the variables
that are checked at start. You can set them and saveVar them and
the script will load them for use. They are case sensitive.

Vars: 
$dny_ugrid_no_menu     - TRUE or FALSE          bypasses menu
$dny_ugrid_drophits    - YES or NO              drop stuff in hitsec
$dny_ugrid_scanhits    - DISPLAY, HOLO, NONE    hitsec scan mode 
$dny_ugrid_cim         - YES or NO              CIM on refresh 
dny_ugrid_fastland     - YES or NO              fast land mode 
$dny_ugrid_retreats    - YES or NO              use retreats 
$dny_ugrid_limpmode    - YES or NO              limpet mode only 
$dny_ugrid_restock     - YES or NO              enable dock restock
$dny_ugrid_dockJP      - integer 11 to 20000    dock restock jumppt
$dny_ugrid_figs        - integer 0 to 999999    figs to drop
$dny_ugrid_armids      - integer 0 to 250       armids to drop
$dny_ugrid_limpets     - integer 0 to 250       limpets to drop
$dny_ugrid_figavoid    - integer 0 to 999999    figs to avoid
$armid_price           - integer 1 to 99999     price of armids 
$limpet_price          - integer 1 to 99999     price of limpets

So you get the idea. Set the variables, set the no_menu variable
(otherwise it'll hang on the menu), then load the script. It'll go
from there.

If you don't set something, like the armid price or limpet price,
it'll use the last saved setting. So you don't have to specify
everything.

.........
